Add changelog entry for notifications read/unred (#2647)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/09/notifications-bulk-actions.md

---
title: Managing Notifications
description: "Interact with notifications"

> date: 2024-09-25 10:00:00.0

Reviewer: Why is this backdated?

Author: it slipped through the cracks, should be fixed now

authors: ["serban-costin"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> Starting with the v2.10.0 of FlowFuse, users have the ability to manage notifications in bulk, allowing users to select/deselect, mark as read, or mark as unread multiple notifications simultaneously.

Reviewer: V2.10.0 is not due for a few weeks. Should we be stating "starting with v2.10.0"?

Author: It would fall under the v2.10.0 release, and other changelog entries specify the release. I can remove it if needed.

Author: > Lastly, this article is placed in the 09 folder and is dated as 09 - this should be updated to reflect time of release

Moved under 10 folder

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we can leave it out for now, the changelog reflects FlowFuse Cloud too, so avoiding version numbers is okay. In our release blog/post that'll cover what features go out into the self-hosted bundles.

Reviewer: Thanks Joe. Suggestion offered here:  https://github.com/FlowFuse/website/pull/2647#discussion_r1790321479

> Starting with the v2.10.0 of FlowFuse, users have the ability to manage notifications in bulk, allowing users to select/deselect, mark as read, or mark as unread multiple notifications simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have now added the ability to manage notifications in bulk. This allows users to select more than one notification so that they can be marked as read, or marked as unread, all in one go.

We hope this small improvement saves you bundle of clicks and streamlines your operations.
```

Suggestion
